Added migration guide (#939)
mlcommons/GaNDLF: docs/faq.md

Please see https://mlcommons.github.io/GaNDLF/usage/#federating-your-model-evaluation-using-medperf.

> ### I was using GaNDLF version `0.0.19` or earlier, and now I am facing issues. What should I do?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### I was using GaNDLF version `0.0.19` or earlier, and I am facing issues after updating to `0.0.20` or later. What should I do?
```
